very good how are you my dear
lovers of telesalseo well eh
the date has just been announced well not exact the
truth is I don't understand why I understand
that maybe they will have to coordinate the
agenda eh the judges there in
Thailand of Samui where
this trial is going to be held but well they have given
the date for Daniel Sancho's trial
from April 9th ​​to May 3rd, in other words they
put the date There almost in that margin
which is a month basically the margin in which it
gives in which the
date of that trial is going to be placed, well they give it between
April 9th ​​and May 3rd 2024 or in
other words in nothing at all worthless in less than
half a year eh Daniel Sancho will be judged
all these months that are passing and
all this time that he is spending in
prison is discounted from the sentence to which he
is sentenced in the case of being
convicted because I understand that he has
many possibilities but since we do not
know what life is like and the issues of
the judges are always a mystery,
all I would need to find out in May is
that he is acquitted  And on top of that they pay him
compensation for the time he spent in
jail well this morning
that hearing took place which has been
postponed already this is the third
time the first because he didn't have a
translator the second because the lawyer
was rejected they had to put another
lawyer and well finally uh he
got a lawyer but in the
previous hearing well they didn't ask for it to be
suspended to be postponed so that the
lawyer who had finally decided to
take the case and Daniel was also
convinced would prepare a good
defense what is happening well that
good defense good defense that
we'll see how it goes and if it goes
well or it goes badly the move was already
prepared by the lawyers from Spain
we're talking about Garcia Montes and
Chipi Rash's law firm I don't understand
why they hire so many lawyers
so that they all agree with
the subjective ones that some things are not
and some decisions and that each one has
their thing But well let's
see how it goes we're not going to say anything
ahead of time because here when
we say things no This is going to win This is going to win
This is going to win can
take you  a surprise This is going to lose
This is going to lose it can take you by
surprise to see complicated is how things
are yesterday we learned that uh
Daniel Sancho's defense wants to
present three new witnesses it is not
known which witnesses they are because they are
going to try to make him a protected witness
yesterday I was talking to us we are
trying to inform ourselves very well well
when we have the exact information and
that it is not speculation then
I will try to explain to you How the
issue of protected witnesses works there in
Thailand and well I imagine that the
issue of protected witnesses will be out of
fear but I don't know exactly why
because they are people who want to
testify and want to tell how badly
Win Arrieta behaved in several
episodes of his life it would not surprise me at
all if one of them was
one of these people who has gone on
television who has come to Spain to
say that they were harassed by ewin
and with this to give credibility and
reinforce the testimony of Daniel Sancho
who wants to use this as a mitigating factor
Daniel Sancho has declared himself in the
hearing that they had this morning I don't know
if it is called a hearing well in this
testimony he has not declared  Not
guilty, he says it was all an accident,
and he still maintains that he tried to
rape him, I mean, look,
things have to fit together for
the plot to work out for him, and the truth is I would be
surprised, I would be very surprised
if it worked out for him, they have to fit together
all the knives that García
Montes says they can fit together and they
can justify it, that the whole lot,
the whole garbage bag knife kit
and so on that he bought before the
murder, while Ewin arrived and didn't
arrive, well, it was the issue of, no, it
wasn't for murder, it was for
cooking, for cutting meat, anyway,
the coconuts have to fit together and that and for it to
be credible, it has to fit together that
apart from the mitigating factors that he wants to
use, that he tried to rape him, he
stalked him, there was a fight, it wasn't accidental, it
was reckless homicide, it has to
fit together that Daniel Sancho was
in some kind of disorder, I don't know
exactly what they call it, but it's like,
well, yes, a disorder, that he was
going crazy, no, he wasn't at his best.
Well, I don't know now, how can this
be justified? I don't know if they'll do some
kind  of expert opinion or of a psychiatric
psychological report And if you will be
valid after spending I don't know how many
weeks that he has already been in jail,
we are not talking about him if I'm not mistaken we
are talking about August September
October November all of us we are
talking about 4 months since he has been in a
prison in Thailand which is nothing eh eh it is that it
is complicated okay it is
complicated but well I understand that
they are not looking for an absolution Or
at least they do not aspire to achieve it if
they find him then they find him
But what they aspire to is what they
talked about from the first moment without
any kind of cover-up in the
media to achieve
reckless homicide Daniel Sancho was
defending himself and in one of these
fights the other guy falls with the bad luck
that he hits his head on that piece of furniture
that kills him eh I don't know if that is going to square
either not even with the autopsy
because we are talking about that at
first the police said that the
autopsy assumed
that it had been he had begun to be
dismembered while he was alive because he dies
when they cut him  neck the
fact that Daniel is being a victim
of Win Arrieta if you tell me harassment
then you say well come on we don't know
let's wait to see if messages come out
or whatever but of course an attempted
rape on that that boy who is a
bull be that boy you don't
even dare raise your voice is
the other one going to dare try to rape him it's that no it's not
very credible it's not credible
absolutely not at all no and then
without knowing it because obviously I don't know
but it was said at the time about a friend
who was very good friends with Daniel Sancho who
knew a lot of things about their relationship
as a couple and such and that very
possibly she would want to be a
witness to verify the treatment that ewin
gave Daniel there is talk of the
trial of course I understand that when they have
given that date margin it is because the
trial is not going to last a day from April 9
to May 3 okay the trial will be held
from April 9 to May 3 I understand that
the entire month either But well a
few days it will be more than anything
because it is 50  and a few witnesses which
seems like an outrage to me I understand that the
police are going B jck I understand that all
the people who saw her will go from waiters, the people who
rented the motorcycle, the people from the kayak, the
girls who were with him, people from the hotel I
understand that well but look at
the number of people we're talking about 50 and
something people only who
each spend half an hour testifying 40
minutes of interrogation between when
Daniel's part interrogates him between when he is
interrogated by the prosecution which I believe
is the accusing party there and that's it I do
n't know if maybe the judge
can also ask some questions but that his
time there is eh I mean we're talking
about probably this month that they mark
from April 9th ​​to May 3rd which maybe it's
all the maybe it's every day
Eh I mean I'm saying that they're
going to fix the date around there but that
maybe it starts on April 9th ​​they
have until May 3rd and they can
use all the days that are
necessary eh we're going to have problems we're going
to have problems  We're going to be watching
the trial all day long and we're going to be there,
probably, eh. It's similar to, I don't
know if you were with me when we
experienced the Johnny
Dep trial, which was
an episode every day, every day, every day. Well,
this is what we have today. For
now, until this
date arrives, I think little else will come out,
things will be leaked and so on.
But I imagine that I won't be
reading you family for long. In the
comments box, I send you a huge kiss and
bye bye. If you liked the video, hit
the button and subscribe to our
[Music]
YouTube channel.